# Coder
This project is a coding based idle game. To start, the user begins by clicking the "Write Code" button to begin writing code. As they write more code and purchse more upgrades, more upgrades are unlocked to further increase the amount of code gained.

There is a single HTML page for this project titled "index.html". At the top of this file, the CSS style sheet that was used is linked. Following this is both pieces of audio used for this project. Next, the save button is set up and linked to the function "savegame()". After this is the two displays for total lines of code and code per second. Under this is the button used to gain code linked to the function "writecode()". Next are the upgrade buttons. Only the first button is shown until the user reaches a certain point in the game. Under that are the two GIFS used in the project. Finally, the canvas is set up to be used for the matrix background. This background was found online and made by Xizi0n. Here is the github link: https://github.com/javascriptacademy-stash/digital-rain

The "main.js" file contains all of the Javascript for the project. The file starts by initializing the game data and setting up the necessary variables. After this, the main functions for increasing the total code are shown. The "writecode()" function adds the users code per click to the total code after each click of the button. The "codeperclick()" function increases the users code per click. "autocode()", "program()", "company()", and "corp()" all work in the same way by increases the total code per second which is added to the user's total code every second by an interval below the "times2()". The "times2()" function multiplies the user's code per second by 2. Under this are the "savegame()" and "loadgame()" functions which work by setting variables to the game data and saving them to local storage. The "loadgame()" function then gets the save from local storage and sets all game data to the saved game data. Following these functions is a function that, when the window loads, runs the functions "loadgame()" and "playmusic()". "playmusic()" is defined below and begins play the sound files in the project. Under this is an interval that runs the "savegame()" function every 30 seconds. Finally, there is the code I used from Xizi0n with the link to the github.

The project is a very simple idle or "incremental" game where the only control is a mouseclick. As the user clicks the button and gains code, they can upgrade their code per click to then gain more code and everntually unlock the "Autocode" upgrade that increases the user's code per second by 1. This is more or less the entirety of the game. The user continues to gain code and unlock new and more upgrades, thus gaining more code.

# How to play
To play the game, download and extract the zip file containing the source code and required files. Then, open the "index" file and the game should open. Now, simply click the "Write code." button and begin writing code.

